The next method under test is the update interest method that takes interest and saves it to the database,
but before it does that save it will invoke the user repo dot find by ID passes in the user account ID
from the interest that it receives in the interest, gets the user account and then it sets it on the
interests itself.
The user account will be set on the interest object and then the save happens.
So we need to mock two calls here.
User repo dot find by ID and interest repo dot save.
Go to your test.
Create a new test method at the end.
Let me add some lines so that you can see it clearly void test
Update interest of a user is the method under test mark it with @ test annotation from JUnit.
Start by invoking the controller dot update interest that takes a new interest object.
Select that.
Hit control one Assign statement, or extract to a local variable that the interest on this interest
will just set the account ID.
You can set various other fields, but they are not required again.
We are not saving it to the database set user account, ID say one two three.
The reason we are setting this here in the controller if you have a look here.
The find by ID method when it is invoked on the repository interest dot get user account is used.
So we need to set that guy or pass that guy in.
Next, you go back to the test.
Start mocking when
First is user account repository Dot find by IDE
One two three is passed in as the IDE
Dot then return back a new user account.
Any user account that will do so
That's the first mock.
Next.
We have to return a optional here, not a new user account optional, because the find by ID method
in spring data, JPA returns a optional object back.
So optional dot off is the method to which you can pass this new user account.
So make sure you do that optional dot off and errors will go away.
The second mock is when.
Interest repository Dot Save is invoked and the interest is passed in, then we return back a new interest
that will have a ID on a new interest.
Take that hit control one extract to a local variable call it saved interest.
That is what is returned and when, you invoked controller dot update interest control one extract that or
assigned that statement to a new local variable.
Call it output
interest.
Output interest
dot we can start assertions on it.
Let me start with assertions once we have the output assert, not null and pass in the output interest
to it first, we check if it is not null.
Let me add some lines there.
Go back, do some more assertions.
Assert not null.
Output interests, dot, get IDE
Next, assert equals.
Output the expected is one two three, because that's the ID we have set.
Here we have to set here on the saved interest right here.
Make sure you saved interest  dot set ID is one two three so that we can check that is the ID that comes back,
so output interest, dot get ID.
And finally, you can also do verifications verify to the verify method you pass in what you want
to verify.
First, the user account repository Dot find by ID should have been invoked with one two three.
That's number one verification.
And this guy dot find by ID should go outside the brackets.
Cut it, paste it outside and one more verify.
Interest repository Dot
Save right there, Dot save the entity that would have been passed in is that interest that we have created.
That set a long test, but a very useful test.
So we have started by mocking two calls the user account dot repository dot find by ID. which takes a ID and then
we return a optional user account
Back on the second call is the interest repository Dot save which takes a interest and returns a saved
interest on which we are asserting an ID. Then we are verifying that output that comes back when controller dot
update interest is invoked.
Is not null, then we are verifying the ID is not null.
We are also verifying that the ID. is what we have set here and stubbed out here using the when class
And finally, we are verifying that they user repository or find by  ID is invoked and also the interest
repository dot save is invoked as expected.
Right click run as JUnit Test.
There are some errors, let me fix those right here the red Mark.
Let me see what the error is.
I have I need an additional bracket there at the end once you create optional off.
There was one bracket less right click run as JUnit test.
And everything should be green.
There we go.
Now we have two tests passing.